README.md, before:

# Hackbox
Hackbox is an open-source, container-based platform that makes it easy to launch vulnerable systems to test your hacking skill!

## Screenshots
![](https://i.gyazo.com/c89054332723fcc9e3e2af937940b7a2.png)
![](https://i.gyazo.com/d1c7e63b64714cc0bc058e6204f5e435.png)
![](https://i.gyazo.com/28fa83a752ef803053e5820899b3eda5.png)
![](https://i.gyazo.com/40e01a215da1ca370582f27a076ff33d.png)

## Setup
Before starting the setup for `hackbox_client` and `hackbox_server`, the OpenVPN Docker container system needs to be created first.

Run the following setup commands to initialize the OpenVPN docker container:
```bash
OVPN_DATA="ovpn-data-hackbox"
docker volume create --name $OVPN_DATA
docker run -v $OVPN_DATA:/etc/openvpn --rm kylemanna/openvpn ovpn_genconfig -u udp://vpn.example.com
docker run -v $OVPN_DATA:/etc/openvpn --rm kylemanna/openvpn touch /etc/openvpn/vars
docker run -v $OVPN_DATA:/etc/openvpn --rm -it kylemanna/openvpn ovpn_initpki
```
Make sure to change `vpn.example.com` to either a domain name or IP which resolves to your server. Make sure to remember the password you used to create the Certificate Authority, as you will need to set it in `hackbox_server`'s `.env` file. You can also change `OVPN_DATA`, but make sure you change it as well. 

From there, follow the setup instructions in each of the folders.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

update readme with pull instructions

README.md, after:

# Hackbox
Hackbox is an open-source, container-based platform that makes it easy to launch vulnerable systems to test your hacking skill!

## Screenshots
![](https://i.gyazo.com/c89054332723fcc9e3e2af937940b7a2.png)
![](https://i.gyazo.com/d1c7e63b64714cc0bc058e6204f5e435.png)
![](https://i.gyazo.com/28fa83a752ef803053e5820899b3eda5.png)
![](https://i.gyazo.com/40e01a215da1ca370582f27a076ff33d.png)

## Setup
Before starting the setup for `hackbox_client` and `hackbox_server`, the OpenVPN Docker container system needs to be created first.

Run the following setup commands to initialize the OpenVPN docker container:
```bash
OVPN_DATA="ovpn-data-hackbox"
docker volume create --name $OVPN_DATA
docker run -v $OVPN_DATA:/etc/openvpn --rm kylemanna/openvpn ovpn_genconfig -u udp://vpn.example.com
docker run -v $OVPN_DATA:/etc/openvpn --rm kylemanna/openvpn touch /etc/openvpn/vars
docker run -v $OVPN_DATA:/etc/openvpn --rm -it kylemanna/openvpn ovpn_initpki
```
Make sure to change `vpn.example.com` to either a domain name or IP which resolves to your server. Make sure to remember the password you used to create the Certificate Authority, as you will need to set it in `hackbox_server`'s `.env` file. You can also change `OVPN_DATA`, but make sure you change it as well. 

Then, pull the necessary Docker images:
```bash
docker pull strellic/openvpn-client
docker pull strellic/hackbox_example_room # not required if you remove the default room
```

From there, follow the setup instructions in each of the folders.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
